REVIVAL MELODIES TEAM PORTAL - BYET.HOST FREE HOSTING

PACKAGE CONTENTS
  htdocs/       Files intended for your website document root
  rmt-private/  PHP application, database schema, and private PDF storage

BEFORE YOU BEGIN
  - In the hosting panel, confirm the website's document root. This package
    assumes the document root is named htdocs. If your panel shows another
    folder, stop and check before extracting.
  - Create the database and database user in the hosting panel. Copy the
    database host/name/user shown there. Do not send database passwords in
    chat or screenshots.

UPLOAD
  1. In File Manager or FTP, locate the account directory containing htdocs.
     Upload RMT-Byet-Deployment.zip to that directory and extract it there.
  2. Verify that htdocs and rmt-private are siblings. The private folder must
     NOT be inside htdocs.
  3. Open rmt-private/app/config.local.php and replace the example host,
     database name, database user, and password with the exact values shown
     in the provider's MySQL panel. On this free plan the database username
     is your hosting-panel username, and the database password is your
     vPanel password. The generated package has the confirmed host/name/user
     filled in; replace ENTER_VPANEL_PASSWORD_HERE yourself in File Manager.
     Do not share the password in chat or screenshots.
  4. Select the new database in phpMyAdmin. Import rmt-private/schema.sql.
     The schema does not create or select the database.
  5. Open your assigned HTTPS subdomain and test the landing page, registration
     and login. Confirm that /dashboard and /admin redirect to sign-in until
     you log in.
  6. Register your administrator account. In phpMyAdmin, open the selected
     database's users table and change role from member to admin for your
     exact admin email address:
       UPDATE users SET role = 'admin' WHERE email = 'you@example.com';
     Do not make a public signup administrator.
  7. Sign in as admin and confirm /admin is accessible. Test meeting and
     noticeboard. Before testing document uploads, check the host's actual
     PHP upload_max_filesize and post_max_size. The app's maximum is 10 MiB;
     do not assume the host permits this until verified.

IF YOUR FILE MANAGER CANNOT ACCESS THE ACCOUNT DIRECTORY ABOVE HTDOCS
  Stop before uploading the private application inside htdocs. Send a
  redacted screenshot showing only the folder names and document-root name.
  The app and signed PDFs should remain outside the web document root.

IMPORTANT FREE-HOSTING PRIVACY WARNING
  Member profiles can include NIDA numbers and birth dates, and the app
  accepts signed registration forms. Confirm that the provider's storage
  permissions, terms, backup options, and privacy requirements are suitable
  before collecting real member data. Use test data until that is verified.
  Keep independent backups of both MySQL and rmt-private/storage/verification.

IF SOMETHING FAILS
  - A database connection error usually means DB_HOST, database name, user,
    or password does not exactly match the hosting panel.
  - If the homepage is HTTP 500, check the provider's PHP error log and
    confirm PHP 8.1+ with pdo_mysql, fileinfo, and mbstring.
  - If routes return 404, check that the website document root is htdocs and
    that its .htaccess file was uploaded.
  - If a PDF upload fails, check actual upload limits and writable
    permissions for htdocs/uploads and rmt-private/storage/verification.
